Episode 1
Hey, you girls are making me cry.
Let's go to the stage!
Yeah!
Let's go!
Who's making my child cry?
Hey, Kosei Baba is here. Let's run away.
Wait a minute.
I don't understand.
Who are you talking about?
It's not me.
You said it.
I said this girl is not good.
Who is this girl?
This girl.
Is she a bad girl?
Yes.
What's wrong?
Don't you want to talk to her?
Yes.
How many girls do you have?
I have five.
I have one.
How many girls do you have?
I have five.
You look so sad.
Don't you want to talk to her?
Yes.
Okay.
You're stupid.
Say yes.
Yes.
Are you going home?
I'm going home alone.
Of course you are.
I'm going to pee.
You're a good girl.
I want to pee.
Be patient.
I want to be patient.
You can do it there.
I can't laugh if I do it here.
Why are you embarrassed?
I'm embarrassed.
Aren't you embarrassed?
You're embarrassed.
You're the worst person in town.
No.
Come here.
You made a hole in the girl's hand.
No.
I didn't.
I just pierced it with my finger.
You're the same.
I'm not.
You're a bad boy.
Yes.
If you do that, you'll be a soldier.
I want to be a soldier.
If you want to be a soldier, be smart.
I'll talk to you.
Come here.
Yes.
You're a good boy.
I'm going to eat this.
You can't eat it.
You're talking nonsense.
I'm a child.
If you want to eat it, send it to your grandmother.
You're talking nonsense.
You have something.
I have something.
You're lying.
You have a cigarette.
It's not me.
I'm sorry.
You're a bad boy.
I've just got a card from my father.
Really?
Yes.
I've just got a new one.
Show me.
I only have the capital.
I've got a new one.
Show me.
I've got a cigarette from my father.
You're lying.
I'm not lying.
You're a bad boy.
I'm not.
You're a good boy.
Yes.
Bon, do you know that France lost the war?
I read the newspaper.
You're so annoying.
How many newspapers can you read?
I heard that my father read it.
He lost the war because he was a poor soldier who protected the country.
Why are you so poor?
I know.
French women are married.
If they can have children, they'll have to go to work.
You're an idiot.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not.
It's the fate.
You're right.
Look at your face.
You're a 12th grader.
It's so beautiful.
You look so clean.
It's not me.
I'm not.
You're a good boy.
You talk a lot.
You're so beautiful that you don't even say a word.
I'm not beautiful.
I've never said that.
I've never said anything.
Have you ever said that?
Don't cry.
Don't think that people are bullying you.
They're bullying me.
Don't cry.
We're not friends.
You're a good boy.
I'm not.
Don't cry.
I brought your grandmother's pork curry.
Really?
Yes.
She's with you.
I'm with you.
Come on.
I'm going to get up.